# a youtube video goes a long way
the internet has become a huge place with more data getting dumped on it over seconds and it has really become hard to find geniunely good content, i have watched a video on system design by a harvard professor
and it is a gem. [the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W9F__D3oY4) 
the professor initially starts talking about scaling , like vertical scaling where we add more rams and disk when the user grow which is a expensive approach and sometimes we might be limited by the technology of our times
a lot might have changed over the 12 years(the video was uploaded 12 years ago) still most topics he covered there is still used in the industry. another scaling he talked about was horizontal scaling where
lot of mid level systems are kept as servers to handle large load of users,
the question that arises now was how will we redirect all the users to this multiple servers, the solution was loadbalncers a kind of system that was responsible for redirecting users to each servers
what will we use as a criteria for this redirection? some students suggested round robin , in this approach what we would do is that we would let the loadbalancer to assign request in such a way that 
the 1st request goes to the 1st server and the 2nd one goues to the 2nd server, if n server is reached then we loop back to the first one again. the problem with this approach is that some times a single server
may get a heavy load and then the request time can be delayed, also each server will have its own db and session data about the user to if the users first request was to the server 1 then the next may be to some other server.
similar there were a lot discussed in that video

I have watched the whole video and the soltuion to that problem according to my understandings is that initially we will have two loadbalancers one active and passive such that if one goes down the 
other will automatically become a active load balancer, the active load balancer would have a hashmap kind of system where a random number will be corresponded to the server number such that and the particular user
like a cache system which remebers which server is used by the user recently. the main http server will be connected to this these load balancers and when it comes to storing the data , a series of common db is used in this case mysql, then db will have two master db and many slaves db which will have a similar toloply of the loadbalancers and http servers. i honestly forget why there was a master and slave db.
all this is done just to avoid bottle necks in a server, in 2025 i believe most of the problems discussed in that video is resolved in a efficient manner, still there can be a room for improvement. 

