# la vie en rose

this song has caught my mind for some time, and it is a relief. Things like this , the music the movies the people and their ideas have always mesmerized me in one way or another. 

recently i have been hooked up to a hobby of touch typing. I really wanted to increase my typing speed but i also wanted to do it right, and i took a course in a website called typing club. They provide all the lessons for a person to learn touch typing somewhere around 600+ lessons and i am somewhere along the 350th lesson, well after a week i think i can type an average of 30wpm without looking at the keyboard.

Something i always wanted to do was to make a strong foundation in frontend and web development skills, for that i have been getting the aid from a open source cool project called as the odin project, been doing the basic web development course and trying the complete all the projects. i am too lazy to go through all the documentation and theory they are mentioning. I know those things are important but sometimes i cant just go through pages long theory i am not that patient. I have no idea whether learning basics of web development is the right thing to at the current stage of my career. all the hype about AI and all the fight between billion dollar industries still goes over my head.

speaking of the devil, I have never intended to deeply understand any concepts related to artificial intelligence, a huge part of me kind of neglected that part, not anymore recently i have been looking at a open source project called as tiny grad and is trying for days to understand the purpose , architecture and code, while going through their document they mentioned about a repository with puzzle that should be solved with tinygrad to get a better grip.

thats all for today guys , been a pleasure


