# being process oriented or being goal oriented

this question was asked to me by a mentor figure and that really made me think. what am i doing? i know most people doesn't know what they are doing, but i really wanted to make a plan atleast what and all risk i should take for the next 4 years.

what would you choose? at the age of 22 stepping into the world of tech and the world is already making you feel like you are a decade late. all these things seems kind of overwhelming but somewhere i think there is a silver lining. day by day we might be missing the most obvious opportunities right in front of our eyes.

I feel like i have always been a process oriented person, i have been using too much of my energy on how to get things done rather than on getting things done. similarly in the long run of building a career people do focuses on process too much, for example in my case i have started my software development career by learning lots of languages, algorithms , system designs and etc. but after a period of time when i look back at all the things i have done, i feel like i won't have something to call as my own. recently i talked with a senior who has been in tech for almost 6 year and i respect this person very much for the sheer passion of this person towards problem solving. He was the one who asked me the question of what really matter? being process oriented or being goal oriented.

another interesting conversation we had was side missions and main missions of our lives, similar to a open world game like rdr, gta. our life is also filled with many side missions. its our decision to choose the main mission to follow through, but its life i am talking about and i know it is never that easy to make that decision. after that conversation i will try to consciously become goal oriented.

i have came across a interesting tech stack recently which is all about getting the product to user as fast as possible, it is nextjs, shadcn, clerk and convex. i feel like this could work to build application with which i wont get distracted quickly and could actually make a valuable product.[check this out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFWZM0saGGI).

fishing is another thing that amazed me this week, i felt a great relief in fishing. I also managed to up my game in touch typing by increasing my 30 to atleast 35wpm. I am having this business idea which needs a bit of capital my heart says to take a credit and work that , my brain says wait for sometime and arrange it by myself. no idea what i would go with whatever it is i am excited for this risk.